---
layout: full-width
title: About
---

Welcome to the AI Poet Website and [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq-SlyuQD4tKlilZkYhJiqw)!

My name is Igor, I am a software engineer based in the UK, and I am the curator.

This website is dedicated to poetry generated by AI. Poetry means different things to different people and not everyone would agree that the poems on this website should or can be considered poetry. I personally think that, like with many things in life, poetry is whatever you want it to be. I leave the final judgement to you, the reader. Let me know in the comments for each video what you think, what you like and what you don't.

AI models today are capable of producing amazingly realistic content - just a couple of searches on YouTube for "deep fakes" will bring up many examples. And with poetry being a free-flowing art form, having greater expressive freedom, I invite you to explore with me what AI Poet has to say.

The poetry generated by the AI is a mixed bag - some of it is funny, some of it is sad and most of it, frankly, is quite bad. Sometimes the pieces that are generated are outright racist, vulgar or stupid, which is partly the result of texts used to train the model and partly the result of the fact that the AI has no idea that it is generating poetry. I curate the generated output and present to you the gems that look interesting.

So, I invite you to join me on this journey into the weird and the unknown - watch the videos, leave a like and subscribe.


