---
layout: post
title:  "Episode #3: My night is done"
date:   2021-05-23 00:00:00
categories: post
---
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jCdL73y4jPg" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

My Night is Done<br>
by AI Poet

{% newthought 'My night is done. I close my eyes' %}<br>
And see the steely light turn grey<br>
<!--more-->
And float away to the peace of the sky.<br>
Above the stars it murmurs and mocks<br>
Its self-disturbed monotone of fear:<br>
Like a ghost that comes and goes,<br>
It flits and whispers, and will stay not.<br>

Then, like a stifled cry, there comes<br>
A cry, a high piercing scream;<br>
A cry like some sweet flower wrenched from Earth<br>
And tossed on the wind to die.<br>
And then the air is on me<br>
And I am free!  It is not love, it is not hate,<br>
It is an awful thing more vast than these.<br>

I cannot die, but I have left a soul at home.<br>
I think that is safe; but death can come to these.<br>
They live inside their sheltered world,<br>
Who know its ways and know their own.<br>
I thought I would have been the one to teach them.<br>
But this they learned of me.<br>

I think I would have taught them, and would have meant<br>
To teach them myself; but I never had learned.<br><br>
The boy that I left at home is now a man;<br>
The man that I left at home is now a father,<br>
And I have never been myself since then.<br>
I was a phantom, spectral and snaky, a goiter,<br>
That would not rest until it lay upon something,<br>
And so it lay upon you,<br>
On my neck, on my hair, on these last fragments of me.<br>
And my teeth could not eat enough of it to waste it.<br>
I have no will now.<br>
My will is a hollow ghost at best, a shadow;<br>
I know I am old;<br>
I know too much; and I am scared to death<br>
To go back and find my body, to lay me low,<br>
To fill up the gaps in my pockets, fill up my pipes.<br>
But I cannot leave you, you that love me,<br>
And you that care for me.<br>
It is dark; I cannot go back.<br>
And if I could,<br>
What could I do?<br>
I fear the phantom, hollow voice at end of my shaft,<br>
The voice of my midget finger at end of my bow.<br>
And if I could,<br>
What would I do?<br>
I cannot go back.<br>
I cannot go back.<br>
I want to.<br>
I will not go back.<br>
I cannot go back.
